Dear whoever found this,

I do not know you, and most often are strangers Despite this, there have to be some commonalities between our lives that extend cultural or societal ideals. Arriving obnoxiously early for flights is a superpower I have, perhaps we share that in common. Amongst this superpower, possessed by yours indeed, more will come to fruition the more we learn about one another. Development of rapport through writing and thought would be exhilarating.

A little background about myself. I am waiting for a flight that delayed due to mechanical issues. As someone who understands planes fly high in the sky and quickly the desire for the aircraft in which I am a passenger is an essential part of my traveling day. Also, the ground in most places. Trust me I am a scientist. The sighs and complaints are unbelievable. Here we are sitting in an air-conditioned airport with wifi, beer, and free meal vouchers. Free meal vouchers are a shitty exchange, but this project that will dissipate into thin internet air began from the delay. For better or worse that is to be determined. Whatever the case it is better than a 13-hour bus ride for a one hour flight.

Now that is completed we can continue with this project that will indubitably fall by the wayside like many other inspirations of mine. Sharing is caring after all. You might as well know that I care about people even though most drive me mad. To others, I assure you, I would turn them from calm to irate in record time. Perhaps someone reading this post finds me to be entirely insufferable like an argument over the internet or that guy or girl you see and instantly hate them. Am I alone with this train of thought, I am very hopeful others share similar sentiments to myself.

I did it; I made it my first post. A single post may be my last post due to me forgetting to write entirely, or the fact that the 30 cities visited have memories and emotions that have vanished as time passed. Word choice would have changed, feelings escaped, and more importantly, starting from scratch is a challenge for me as it may be for you. The obligation to keep up with a blog with even one follower and many posts would be an essential factor to maintain interest in creating content. Whether this is my first or last post, I hope you enjoyed reading about whatever flourished as I on airport seats as comfortable as bricks.

Best,

Mr. Freeman
